My Day2 of implementation consisted eniterely of answering the questions AI asked from day one about the specifics of how to store a recording, and formulating the details into the following unfinished prompt: 

Read @Day1Agent1.md as well as the rest of the repo to pick off where we left off. Now to answer some specifications on how exactly the sample is to be stored: When someone records a clip, the mp3 is to be used by taking a unique song, splitting it into its tracks which are the individual instruments in the song, and applying the sample sound as the new sound of the selected track/instrument. Imagine one track being a piano and the sample is somebody whistiling one note. The one note whistle will be pitched up or down for each note on the piano so that the frequencies match up, and then also stretched/lengthen to account for different piano note length values. This proccess is THE key feature of the app, and while we are NOT coding it now, we should code the sample storing script with this process in mind. Yes we will be keeping the original recording of the sample forever, so that after it is modified, there are two versions, the current final version with modifications, and the original sound, just to  have proof of provenance. Video should be allowed solely in the sense that the user can import a video file, and the app will do nothing else but strip the audio from that file, and then treat that like the user made a recording of that audio file. As long as the stored sample sounds close enuough to the recorded where the user would have to actively try to distinguish the two to notice a difference, or better yet to where the quality doesnt bother the user everytime they hear the sample. Use the true volume and length of the clip. No clean up needs to happen. Forget any user exprerience ideas, for now we dont need to worry about the specifics of the recording and whether or not the recording is within the paramaters of the app idea, were literally just storing it as an mp3. Yes, standardize the mp3 so that different devices's recordings dont cause problems later on. I suggest one codec, one sample rate, one channel layout (usually mono for voice/analysis, sometimes stereo for music), one loudness/normalization approach. When the system cant understand a recording we are going to ask the user to rerecord, but whatever we can store about the recording we should try because in the event for example that the user sings the most beautiful rendition of despacito ever, but then the file is corrupted, that the user does not lose everything, and that they will at least be able to go back to that file that is saved somewhere, maybe locally on their device, and if they manage to fix it to make it recognizable to the app, that it can then be used later. For now provenance can stay in the database only. Close enough sounds the same is fine. Use the most battle-tested converter. A lot of these extra features might be added later but for now I just want the bare bones of storing. 